SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 28 (#11408)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images.md

  
 The following illustration shows the original image and the image mapped to the parallelogram. The original image has been skewed, reflected, rotated, and translated. The x-axis along the top edge of the original image is mapped to the line that runs through (200, 20) and (110, 100). The y-axis along the left edge of the original image is mapped to the line that runs through (200, 20) and (250, 30).  
  

>  ![Skewed, reflected, translated, and rotated illustration.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-illustration.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![The original image and the image mapped to the parallelogram.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-illustration.gif)  
```

  
 The following illustration shows a similar transformation applied to a photographic image:  
  

>  ![Skewed, reflected, translated, and rotated photo.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-photo.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![The picture of a climber and the picture mapped to the parallelogram.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-photo.png)  
```

  
 The following illustration shows a similar transformation applied to a metafile:  
  

>  ![Skewed, reflected, translated, and rotated metafile.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-metafile.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Illustration of shapes and text and that mapped to the parallelogram.](./media/how-to-rotate-reflect-and-skew-images/reflected-skewed-rotated-metafile.png)  
```
